


Documentation for The Nowhere Utilities
---------------------------------------


Introduction
------------

     During my time a viral  developer,  I've  quickly  discovered  many
operations  that are quite useful for creating virii, trojans, and logic
bombs that DOS and  most  popular  utility  programs  (PC-Tools,  Norton
Utilities,  etc.)  either  can't do or require too much time to do. Some
other operations, such as being able to alter the effective  size  of  a
file,  are  useful in many non-viral situations. So I developed a set of
thirteen  utilities,  presented  here,  to  help  the   aspiring   rogue
programmer  in  his  quest  for electronic mayhem. (Several of these are
derived from ideas originally used in  the  now  infamous  C-Virus.)  So
without   further   adieu,   I   give  you  (drum  roll)  **The  Nowhere
Utilities**!


General notes
-------------

     The following applies to all of the  Nowhere  Utilities:  all  will
give  a  command  summary  if  "/?" is given as the first parameter; all
utilities preserve file date, time,  and  attributes,  unless  they  are
specifically  meant  to  change  them (FIXATTR and FIXTIME in specific);
all utilities will work on read-only files  (they  automatically  remove
the  attribute  if  any  writing needs to be performed and reset it when
.COM  format  for  faster   load  times.  All  of   the  utilities  were
finished); and all programs are in the written entirely in  Borland  C++
v3.0  using the tiny memory model (needed to create .COM files), and all
were written by myself, Nowhere Man, with some suggestions and  comments
provided  by  friends, especially Rigor Mortis, Leeking Virus, and Guido
Sanchez. Thanks guys. Now, on with the utilities...


The utilities and their many uses
---------------------------------

     Included in this set of utilities are ten separate programs.  Below
is  a list of them, as well a short summary of what they do and possible
uses for them. In addition to the summaries below, running  any  Nowhere
Utility with /? as a parameter displays the syntax for the program.


CIPHER
------

CIPHER  is just that: a cipher. Give CIPHER a 32-bit decimal number as a
key, followed by one or more file  names  (wildcards  allowed),  and  it
will  encrypt  the  files.  To unencrypt them, run CIPHER again with the
same  key.  As  you've  probably  guessed,  CIPHER  uses   an   XOR-type
encryption  method,  but  I've  thrown a few modifications in to make it
harder to crack. Suggested uses: to encrypt things you don't want  other
people  to  see  (duh).  I'd  advise  encrypting any sensitive data that
could be used against you in court, such  as  passwords,  card  numbers,
and  phreaking  codes  (assuming,  of  course,  you  actually keep these
things in files). When you need  these  things,  simply  decipher  them.



Nowhere Utilities v2.0        - 1-      (C) 1992 Nowhere Man and [NuKE]




This  way  if  the  feds  ever seize your computer while your at work or
school, there is no data for them to use as evidence during your  trial.
This  is  also  good for encrypting important E-Mail: tell the receiver,
either over the phone or on a different board, what  the  key  will  be.
Then  run CIPHER on the program and use DBGSCRPT (see below) to generate
a DEBUG script to re-create the file. Do an ASCII upload  of  the  DEBUG
script.  The  receive  can just run the script through DEBUG, use CIPHER
to decrypt it, and the read the message, run the file,  whatever.  Great
for  use  on  untrustworthy  or  suspicious  boards, or places where the
sysop likes to snoop through other peoples' private mail.


CRYPTCOM
--------

     CRYPTCOM is handy utility that allows you  to  encrypt  .COM  files
but   still  leave  them  executable.  To  invoke  CRYPTCOM,  just  type
"CRYPTCOM" followed by one or more  files  that  you  wish  to  protect;
wildcards  are  allowed,  and the ".COM" extension is assumed if none is
given. They key is chosen by CRYPTCOM automatically, so you  don't  need
to  supply  one.  This program works by encrypting your .COM program and
adding some decryption code to the end. The file decrypts itself in  RAM
at  run-time,  leaving  the actual file unaltered with each execution of
the encrypted program. Suggested use:  encrypting  virii  to  slip  past
virus  scanners.  It's  rather  obvious what to do: just run CRYPTCOM on
the virus. It is now unscannable, and it still runs  normally.  However,
just  like  the  PKLITE  trick  of  old,  all subsequent infections will
contain the original virus, so basically, this just gets  the  virus  in
the  front door. Unlike PKLITE, though, no scanner (as of yet, at least)
can decrypt a CRYPTCOMed file and scan it, so you don't  have  to  worry
about  recent versions of SCAN catching you. (Also see NOLZEXE below for
another tactic.)


DBGSCRPT
--------

     DBGSCRPT creates, as its name  suggests,  DEBUG  scripts.  DBGSCRPT
takes  two arguments: the input file and the name of the file to contain
the script. To re-create the original file from the  script,  just  type
"DEBUG  <  (scriptname)"  and watch it do it's work. Note that wildcards
are not allowed by this program, and  also  note  that  DEBUG  will  not
allow  itself  to write .EXE files. If you are creating a script from an
.EXE file, rename it to a different extension before  running  DBGSCRPT,
and  instruct  whomever  is receiving the script to change it back to an
.EXE when DEBUG is done. Suggested uses: creating  scripts  from  binary
files  to  include in text files or E-Mail. This way you could post your
latest creation on your favorite virus board without  having  to  upload
anything  and  without having to post your valuable source. You can also
include it in text files you put out  (magazines,  etc.)  so  you  don't
have  to  distribute  the virus in a separate file; the reader just cuts
out the script and runs it through DEBUG (40-Hex  magazine  is  fond  of
this  technique).  Again,  no  source  code needs to change hands. Quite
useful, in the right situations.





Nowhere Utilities v2.0        - 2-      (C) 1992 Nowhere Man and [NuKE]




DECRYPT
-------

     DECRYPT is, as far as I know, a one-of-a-kind utility  --  it  will
crack  almost all 8-bit and many 16-bit encryption schemes. There's only
one catch: you must know at least five  consecutive  characters  in  the
original  (unencrypted)  data.  This  string  is  passed  as  the  first
parameter. The  remaining  arguments  are  the  names  of  files  to  be
decrypted,  wildcards  allowed. DECRYPT will go through each file given,
attempting to decrypt it with  a  special  proprietary  algorithm  which
will  crack  most standard 8- and 16-bit encryption schemes in under ten
seconds. If the file can be decrypted then DECRYPT will tell  you  which
encryption  method  and what key was used, and a file with the same base
name  as  the  original  and  an  extension  of  .DEC  will  be  created
containing  the  decrypted  contents of the file. Sometimes DECRYPT will
give  a  false  positive,  an  invalid  decryption;  this  is  a  normal
side-effect  of the ultra-quick algorithm it uses (if you do get a false
positive, chances are the file couldn't be decrypted anyway).
     DECRYPT has many uses. It's great for decrypting a  virus  attached
to  a  program,  so long as you know a string in the virus ("*.COM" is a
good bet), or can be used to view those annoying  encrypted  data  files
that too many programs seem to come with.
     Please  note  that  not  every  file can be decrypted; DECRYPT will
break the most common algorithms used in most low-security  applications
(ie:  adding/subtracting  a  constant, XORing by a constant, etc.). Also
make sure that the file you're dealing with  is  indeed  encrypted.  Not
every  unreadable  file  is  encoded, and unless you're pretty sure your
just wasting your time (albeit very little of it). Files must  be  under
32k  for  DECRYPT to work (DECRYPT loads the entire file into memory for
speed, so larger files will  overflow  the  buffer).  Outside  of  these
restrictions, DECRYPT is a valuable tool for any aspiring hacker.


FAKEFILE
--------

     Picture  this:  you've  just written up a great trojan or virus and
you've placed it into an executable file (or REPLACEd one).  What's  the
problem?  Well,  wouldn't you be suspicious if you downloaded a ZIP file
that was supposed to be a "Great shareware text  editor"  and  all  that
was  in it was one lousy 5k .EXE? Ignoring the problem of documentation,
FAKEFILE is a great way to create phoney data  files  to  go  with  your
virii  and trojans. Now instead of renaming .ROL files to .DATs (as I've
observed in one lame trojan), you can make your own. FAKEFILE takes  two
or  more  arguments.  The  first one is the size of the dummy file. Here
you can either give a fixed number, or use the  -r  switch,  which  will
make  each  file  a  random  length  between  100  and  33767 bytes. The
remaining parameters  are  the  names  of  the  fake  files  to  create.
Wildcards  are  not allowed (duh). In addition to filling the files with
random bullshit, if FAKEFILE recognizes the extension on  your  filename
(.EXE,  .GIF,  .OBJ, etc.) then it will add a fake header to the file to
make it "legit"  to  programs  that  read  those  types  of  files.  For
example,  if you typed "FAKEFILE 30345 HOTSEX.GIF" FAKEFILE would create
a 30345-byte file containing the header  "GIF87a"  and  30339  bytes  of
random  data.  Of  course  when  you  go  to  view  the "GIF" you'll get
errors... Another tip: avoid "even" file sizes for most  files.  It  may
seem suspicious, depending on the nature of the files.


Nowhere Utilities v2.0        - 3-      (C) 1992 Nowhere Man and [NuKE]




     As  you  might  have  guessed  by  now, there is another, and in my
.GIFs, .ROLs,  even  whole  utilities, .EXE  and  all, and  upload  them
opinion, very lame, use for this utility. You can create fake to  boards
for  extra  file  points.  I  HIGHLY  DISCOURAGE  THIS. If everyone went
around doing this then you'd spend most of your time  downloading  crap,
and  BBSing  would  die.  Of  course this is a great use if your dealing
with a real lame board; upload tons  of  dummy  games  and  .GIFs  under
several  user  names.  The other users will get pissed at the sysop, and
his board will go down in no time. PLEASE ONLY DO THIS TO  LAMERS;  good
boards  deserve to live. Again, heed my warning and don't be an asshole;
if you ever do download a wasteful file on any board, please  report  it
to  the  sysop.  If  you are a sysop and are reading this, I'd encourage
you to blacklist anyone who does such a stupid thing.


FAKEWARE
--------

     If you're like me, then lame k-rad  k00l  "ELITE"  boards  probably
annoy  the  shit  out  of  you. What better way to say "I hate you" then
with a virus, the gift that keeps on giving...  Unfortunately,  some  of
these  people actually know that games have more than one file, etc. and
won't run suspicious looking programs. FAKEWARE takes  care  of  all  of
this.  With  one  command  you  can create a realistic looking .ZIP of a
"0-30 day ware" containing a virus or  trojan  of  your  choice.  First,
prepare  the  virus  or  trojan by RESIZEing or REPLACEing it. Then just
execute "FAKEWARE (trojan/virus name)." In  a  minute  or  two  FAKEWARE
will  have  generated  a  completely  bogus game, right down to the .ZIP
comment.
     FAKEWARE creates a fake title for your game, then  creates  between
five  and  twenty-five fake data files of random length and content (and
compressibility!). It includes your virus or trojan under  as  the  main
.EXE,  and  even  generates  a fake .NFO file from either RAZOR, INC, or
TDT,  complete  with  program  description,  cracking  information,  and
greets  to  all  those  cool  pir8  doodz  you  know  and love. FAKEWARE
executes PKZIP (which must be in the current directory or in  your  PATH
in  order  for  FAKEWARE to work correctly), and adds a .ZIP comment, an
ad  for  a  completely  fake,  yet  very  realistic,  warez  board.  All
temporary  file  are deleted, of course. Now just upload the .ZIP as the
game that FAKEWARE tells you and you're all set; all you have to do  now
is get the loser to run it...
     FAKWARE  will  also  generate  a fake .EXE if no argument is given,
allowing you to send up tons  of  bogus  wares  to  a  stupid  board  to
discredit  the  sysop  and  create chaos. Unlike some other utilities, I
couldn't care less if you misuse it;  I  never  did  like  warez  boards
anyway...


FIXATTR
-------

     This  program  lets you alter the attributes of files. Quite simple
and very legitimate. You can use either "+", "-", or  "=",  followed  by
one  or more of the following letters: A, H, R, and S. Using a plus sign
will add the specified attributes to the files'  current  attributes;  a
minus  sign  will  remove  those attributes, if set; and the equals sign



Nowhere Utilities v2.0        - 4-      (C) 1992 Nowhere Man and [NuKE]




will set the files' attributes to the ones given, removing any  existing
ones.  The letters above stand for (A)rchive, (H)idden, (R)ead-only, and
(S)ystem,  respectively.  Attributes  for   subdirectories   cannot   be
modified,  but  wildcards and multiple file names may be given after the
attributes. This is essentially the same as the DOS 5.0 or  4DOS  ATTRIB
command,  but  it  is  usable  by  anyone, even those without DOS 5.0 or
4DOS. Suggested uses: hiding  and/or  write-protecting  sensitive  files
(or  unhiding  those  pesky  hidden files that some games still use), or
whatever else you can think of that  requires  attribute  changes.  This
utility  is pretty basic, so I'm sure you'll think of other applications
for it.


FIXTIME
-------

     FIXTIME is a basic "touch" utility, similar to  those  found  under
UNIX  and those that come with compilers such as Turbo C and Microsoft C
(although FIXTIME is superior to most compiler "touch" programs,  as  it
lets  you  set  the  file time to anything; more on that later). FIXTIME
can either take zero, one, or two arguments, followed  by  one  or  more
file  names (wildcards allowed). If no other arguments are given besides
the file name(s), FIXTIME will  set  the  time  stamp  of  any  and  all
matching  files  to  the  current system time and date (which may not be
correct, if you're one of those people  too  lazy  to  set  your  system
clock).  If  a time is given, it must precede the file name(s) and be in
the standard 24- hour format (hh:mm:ss). All applicable files will  have
their  times  set  to that time; if no date is give then the system date
will be used. If a date is specified, it must precede the  file  name(s)
and  be  in  the  American  date format (MM-DD-YY or MM/DD/YY, where the
year is any year between 1980 and 1999). As usual, no other  aspects  of
the file (size, attributes, etc.) are changed.
     Suggested  uses:  to  alter the time on documents that are past due
:-), to fix the date/time stamp of files  to  which  you  have  added  a
virus  (though  good virii always preserve the file's date and time), or
to change the date for any other  purpose  you  can  come  up  with  (to
prevent  someone  from  telling when you've written something, to change
the file times of files you've edited/modified,  etc.).  None  of  these
ideas  really  needs much elaboration; just be sure that if you're going
to want to change a file back  that  you  remember  to  write  down  the
original time and date first...


NOLZEXE
-------

     Don't  you  just  hate  it  how  executable-file compressors always
leave an annoying signature to show they've been  used?  Until  now  the
only  way  to  remove these signatures to prevent people from UNLZEXEing
or PKLITE -Xing your program was to go in by  hand  with  DEBUG  or  any
other  hex  editor  and  rip  them  out.  Well,  I've  come up with this
handy-dandy utility to automatically  destroy  these  headers  for  you,
preventing  SCAN from detecting your PKLITEd virii and stopping assholes
from trying to disassemble or reverse-engineer your code. When  invoking
NOLZEXE,  all  you must provide as parameters are the names of files you
wish to protect. Wildcards are allowed, and if  no  extension  is  given



Nowhere Utilities v2.0        - 5-      (C) 1992 Nowhere Man and [NuKE]




then  .EXE  is  assumed  (though .COM files are supported, too). NOLZEXE
will then go through the  files  and  completely  cover  all  compressor
headers  with  random  bytes;  if  a file is not compressed nothing will
happen to it. Versions  0.90  and  0.91  of  LZEXE  (the  only  versions
currently  released)  and  all  versions  of  PKLITE  are supported. (If
anyone out there has found any other  executable-file  compressors  that
they'd  like to see supported in the next version, see below on where to
contact me.) The files will still execute  properly  and  are  otherwise
unchanged;  however  no virus scanner, CHK4LZE, or CHK4LITE program will
pick them out of the crowd.  Suggested  uses:  as  mentioned  above,  to
remove  the  headers on LZEXEd and PKLITEd virii to prevent scanning (my
ever-popular C-Virus used similar techniques), and to stop  people  from
disassembling  or  reverse-engineering your products (use the compressor
on them and then use NOLZEXE). This is also useful  on  trojans,  as  it
can  stop  CHK4BMB-type  utilities  from  picking up your damaging code;
compress the trojan then NOLZEXE it. If your compressor refuses to  work
on  the  file because it's too small (all to often the case with virii),
please read my notes about the subject under RESIZE below.


REPLACE
-------

     Based upon an idea  I  had  originally  used  in  C-Virus,  REPLACE
performs  a great service to trojan- and virus-disseminators everywhere.
To put it bluntly, it just replaces one file  (presumably  a  legitimate
one)  with  another  (presumably a nasty one). On a more detailed level,
what REPLACE does is delete the original file, copy the new file to  the
original's  name,  then  reset  the  attributes, date, time, and size as
they were on the original file. Essentially, the  new  file  has  become
the  old  one.  For  example, you could "REPLACE LEMMINGS.EXE DIR-2.COM"
and then distribute "Lemmings" to all of the lame k-rad pir8  boards  in
the  area  (good  pirate  boards wouldn't take such an old game to begin
with). As shown, .COMs may  replace  .EXEs,  and  vice-versa,  with  one
exception:  and  .EXE which REPLACEs a .COM must be smaller than 64k, or
else DOS will give  an  error  when  it  is  executed.  Also  note  that
REPLACEing  a  file with a larger one will cause excess bytes in the new
file to be clipped (ie: if you replace a 1000  byte  file  with  a  2000
byte  one  only  the  first  1000  bytes  of  the 2000 byte file will be
copied), so don't try it on executable files.
     To run REPLACE, just provide two arguments,  the  first  being  the
name  of  the  old file and the second the name of the new one, the file
to be  replaced  and  the  replacer,  respectively.  Wildcards  are  NOT
allowed.  Also, remember the size warnings in the previous paragraphs to
avoid embarrassing mistakes (imagine how  humiliating  it  would  be  to
upload  a  trojan  to  Ross  Greenberg's  shitty  BBS and have it get an
error!). Have fun with this one.


RESIZE
------

     RESIZE is a file  resizer:  it  lets  you  alter  the  size  of  an
existing  file,  either  making  it  larger  or  smaller.  RESIZE may be
invoked in several different ways. If the first parameter is  "-r"  then
random  byte  filling  is used (if the file size is being increased then



Nowhere Utilities v2.0        - 6-      (C) 1992 Nowhere Man and [NuKE]




the extra space is padded with random bytes); otherwise blanks are  used
as  padding.  The  other  parameter,  besides  file  name(s) is the size
variation. This may be either relative or absolute. To modify  a  file's
size  absolutely,  you  just  give  a  number;  the  file's size is then
changed to that number. If you want the size to be  relative,  then  you
give  the  size  of  the change (in bytes), preceded by either a "+" (to
make the file bigger) or "-" (to decrease it by the  same  amount).  The
remaining  parameters  are  file  names, wildcards allowed. Note that if
you elect to make a file smaller, then the excess data will  be  forever
lost,  so  don't  go  around trimming things without good cause thinking
that you'll be saving disk space or something idiotic like that. If  you
do you'll deserve it.
     You  might  wonder "Why the -r option?" Well, it's there because if
you try  to  PKZIP  or  otherwise  compress  a  RESIZEd  file  that  was
blank-padded,  then  it  will  compress  down to its original size (less
whatever it would have gone down to had it not  been  RESIZEd).  If  you
saw  a  1000000  byte file in an archive being compress to 2000 bytes, I
think you'd be just a  bit  suspicious  (though  I  know  at  least  one
(ex-)sysop  who wasn't, hehehe). With the random bytes the compressor is
unable to pack that area much, keeping the illusion  that  the  file  is
larger  than  it  really  is.  Also, in case you were wondering, RESIZEd
executable files will still run normally, RESIZEd .GIFs will still  view
properly,  and so on. Suggested uses for RESIZE: to increase the size of
virii and trojans and upload them to boards (renamed, or course);  after
all,  would  you  download  a  500-byte  program labeled "really awesome
virtual reality simulator?" You would if it were one  megabyte,  though.
As  I stated before, DO NOT ABUSE THIS PROGRAM AND UPLOAD INFLATED FILES
TO GOOD BOARDS FOR CREDIT. If you want to do it to a  lamer,  go  ahead,
but  like  I  said before, if everyone RESIZEd their files then everyone
would be wasting time download tiny, useless, lame programs made out  to
be  cool  by  their large size. Don't be lame and abuse these utilities;
they were meant for  causing  mayhem,  but  don't  inflict  it  on  your
friends.
     RESIZE  has  a  few  other  uses.  You can RESIZE (normally) a file
which PKLITE or LZEXE refuses to compress; it will  end  up  no  larger,
and this method sure beats the old UNDELETE procedure.
     An  interesting  side  note. My friend Leeking Virus has discovered
another use for this versatile utility. Here's a way  he  came  up  with
(and  tested,  I  might  add) for crashing boards. When you go to upload
(or even download, depending on the software), most BBSs will  tell  you
how  much  space is free on the hard disk. What you do is RESIZE a small
file to take up at least that much space and then  upload  it  while  no
one's  around  (naturally boards with two gigabyte hard disks are pretty
much immune to this, as your hard disk must be large enough to hold  the
RESIZEd  file).  You  must  be sure to NOT use the -r option, and NOT to
PKZIP it. Unless you want to totally waste time, be sure to  use  JMODEM
or  another  protocol  with  data  compression. The file will still take
what it originally would to download,  but  it  will  swell  up  on  the
receiver's  hard  disk  to fill it up. Hehehe. On Telegard boards it has
the added advantage of locking up the board; Telegard tries to  log  the
fact  that the disk is full to an error file, but since there's no room,
it can't create the file, so it tries, to log that  error,  and  so  on,
trapping  the  board  in  an  infinite loop. Other BBS software might do
this too, but so far Telegard is the only system that's been tested.  At



Nowhere Utilities v2.0        - 7-      (C) 1992 Nowhere Man and [NuKE]




the   very   least  there'll  be  no  more  uploads  that  day.  Another
possibility is to RESIZE -r a file to the size of the target hard  disk,
give  it  the read-only attribute, ZIP it up and give it to a board that
automatically PKUNZIPs files for scanning. Similar effects...


USER2TXT
--------

     If you're into hacking boards, I'm sure you know  the  most  prized
possession  you  can take is the user list. The information in that file
can get you accounts on many other boards all over the country  (if  the
people  are  stupid  enough to use the same password on every board they
call, which many people are). But how  do  you  take  a  user  list,  in
binary  format,  and  turn it into a readable form? If you have Telegard
(or whatever other BBS it comes from) you could just  copy  it  to  your
GFILES  directory, use the (U) option, and flip through the users one by
one, writing down the passwords and  phone  numbers.  But  what  if  you
don't  have  the  time, or you don't have Telegard, or you'd like a nice
file for on-line reference from your comm program? USER2TXT  fills  that
gap.
     To  user USER2TXT, give it two parameters, the first being the name
of the Telegard v2.5/v2.7 or X-Ot-Icks v3.8  user  list  (almost  always
USER.LST),  and  the  second being the name of the output file. USER2TXT
will convert the binary data in the first file to  readable  ASCII.  The
second  file  will  contain  each  user's name, real name, password, and
phone number. The first user will always  be  the  sysop.  This  program
really  has  only one use, which I've already described above. This is a
simple utility, but one that you'll find very useful.


WIPE
----

     WIPE is a little utility I wrote to totally wipe a file  off  of  a
disk.  You  run  WIPE  with  one or more file names (wildcards allowed),
which are the files to wipe.  The  files  are  unrecoverable  by  normal
means  (UNDELETE,  QU, DISKEDIT, etc.), so be VERY careful with this; it
DOES NOT prompt you to verify your  choice.  This  was  done  because  I
figured  if you were ever in the situation to need this program (a bust,
etc.) you would not want to be slowed down constantly hitting  "Y."  I'd
also  advise renaming this program, as it's only a matter of time before
some lamer develops an ANSI bomb that runs it. Suggested uses  for  this
program:  only  one, really, and that's to destroy sensitive information
in case of a bust. If  I  were  you,  I'd  write  a  batch  file  called
BUST.BAT,  or  something like that, that would automatically WIPE all of
the files you needed destroyed.
     This program is much faster  than  Norton's  DISKWIPE  or  WIPEFILE
because  mine  doesn't  need  to  meet some silly military standard. I'm
sure if someone were REALLY REALLY desperate  they  could  possibly  get
your  files back, but they'd need sophisticated equipment that no police
force would normally have. If you have the time (ie: you've been  warned
the  cops  are coming for you) then I'd advise using WIPEDISK or another
military-standard wipe program, but WIPE is  much  faster  in  case  you
don't  have  the time. Like I said, BE VERY CAREFUL WITH IT. Nowhere Man
and [NuKE] are NOT responsible if you fuck yourself over with  this.  It
is only meant for desperate situations.


Nowhere Utilities v2.0        - 8-      (C) 1992 Nowhere Man and [NuKE]








Revision Information
--------------------

Version 2.00 (September 5, 1992)

     o DECRYPT, FAKEWARE and USER2TXT programs added.

     o Removed a bug in RESIZE that would create huge files if
       you attempted to make a file smaller than it's current
       size (ie: RESIZE -10000 TEST.DAT where TEST.DAT is only
       5000 bytes long). Thanks to Guido Sanchez.

     o Major revisions to FIXTIME. The help message was revised
       to correctly indicate that several filenames can be used
       (v1.00's help message read "FIXTIME [hh:mm:ss [mm-dd-yy]]
       filename," but there should have been ellipses after
       "filename"). I've also changed FIXTIME so that it isn't
       necessary to specify a time in order to change file
       dates. Dates and times are also checked for invalid
       settings (for example, the time "99:99:99").

     o CRYPTCOM's decryption routine has been changed, slightly
       increasing its size but making it faster and more
       compatible with certain (picky) programs.

     o NOLZEXE now recognizes files compressed with PKLITE
       v1.1x.

     o All programs that utilized random numbers have had their
       random-number generation routines updated. This will not
       effect the functioning of the programs.

     o Documentation cleaned up. Many spelling/grammatical
       errors were fixed, the layout was changed, and several
       inaccuracies (including a reference to a non-existent
       paragraph) were corrected.


Version 1.00 (January 25, 1992)

     o Initial release.


Closing comments
----------------

	  As  you  can see, the Nowhere Utilities are very powerful, but
they also can be abused --  DON'T.  I  intended  for  the  entire  virus
community  to  benefit  from  these,  not for some losers to abuse them.
Other than that little warning, I heartily encourage you  to  experiment
with  the  utilities,  to  use  them in new and interesting ways (if you
find a novel use for a utility, let me know so I can mention it  in  the
next version). Enjoy them.


Nowhere Utilities v2.0        - 9-      (C) 1992 Nowhere Man and [NuKE]




	  As  usual, greets go out to Rock Steady, Rigor Mortis, Leeking
Virus and Murdak, all [NuKE] and SCP members and  sites,  Phalcon/SKISM,
and  all virus-writers everywhere. Thanks to anyone else who I forgot to
mention; your input into this  project  is  still  greatly  appreciated,
even if I do forget a name here and there.
	  If   anyone   has  any  questions,  comments,  complaints,  or
suggestions about this or any other fine product  from  Nowhere  Man  or
[NuKE],  I  can be reached at The Hell Pit and FreeMatrix, both official
U.S. distribution sites for [NuKE]. I  also  monitor  most  Chicago-area
networks,  as  well  as NuKENet, Swashnet, CyberCrime International, P/S
Net, and FidoNet; responses to my products may  be  posted  there  also.
Once again, so long, and happy virusing.

	      -- Nowhere Man, [NuKE] '92












































Nowhere Utilities v2.0        - 10-     (C) 1992 Nowhere Man and [NuKE]
