Path:
news.ttu.edu!newshost.lanl.gov!ncar!newsxfer.itd.umich.edu!gatech!howland.
reston.ans.net!math.ohio-state.edu!jussieu.fr!univ-lyon1.fr!swidir.switch.ch!scs
ing.switch.ch!yogi!schweizer
From: schweizer@urz.unibas.ch
Newsgroups: comp.sys.apple2
Subject: SwissIIGSPizzaFest
Message-ID: <1994Nov15.112815.44168@yogi>
Date: 15 Nov 94 11:28:15 MET
Organization: University of Basel, Switzerland
Lines: 71


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE


** TRIP TO NOSTALGIA - TRIP TO PowerPizzaFest!

Our group, formerly known as Bright Software, celebrated this saturday
the fourth incarnation of PizzaFest, a relict from good old days.
Because of the PizzaFest's global importance on computer sciences, we
agreed on posting the most valuable results exclusively here on c.s.a2.

Equipment:

- pen, paper, 2 pizze "Quadra(R) stagioni" (sp?), 1x prosciuto e funghi
(sp?), 1x pizza carabinieri
- at home: GS, PMac 7100AV, 4 chairs


Seminars:

- Inside Harmony drivers: hands on their proprietary color matching
algorithm
"After installing the driver, I even didn't dare to send Bill a letter.
I think he is color-blind."

- Applied Engineering drives contain a self-destruction mechanism.
Marc: "With AE drives, that's normal."

- The GS toolbox and programming in the large.
Cody: "That's why I never finished Chemix. I wanted to do EVERYTHING
with the toolbox."

- The speed of Shadow's new PowerPC-based GS emulator. (See below for
more.)
Marc: "How slow is it?"

- Problems when writing Mac emulators for Amigas.
Cody: " The Gestalt Manager would have to return MachineID=Amiga.
That's not a Mac."

** FULL GS EMULATION

However, the most impressive demonstration was held by Shadow, the one
who wrote ShadowWrite 1.3 and never sent it to me. He allowed us to
take a first look at his full-featured APPLE IIGS EMULATOR RUNNING AT
RISC SPEED. The setup was as follows:

- A PowerMac 7100AV.
- A complete IIGS system.
- a cinch cable.

Now plug the cable into the GS' monochrome port and connect it with the
S-VHS plug of the AV board. Now launch Video Fusion and open the record
window.
You will see a window that mirrors the GS screen. Upon testing the
emulator for about an hour, we found that the emulation was excellent,
both supporting 65816 native programs (incl. The Manager) and ProDOS
applications.
Shadow's suprisingly stable and simple emulation software also goes
further than most other competitive product such as SoftWindows or
Apple's MAE. You can easily store a GS session as a QuickTime movie.
And, you need not care about software updates since - according to
Shadow - there is no emulation software involved.


Live long and prosper! (er, that was the wrong one...)

                               Apple II Forever!

                         (yeah, that's a bit longer!)
